Morita Wenzhou is about that Wenzhou orange
Let 's make the courtyard of the building now here is a very quick competition.
Mikan and then
Early maturing
Then inside
Then at most 3 volumes
Well there is so much in the 6 preparation hall
It is maintenance kind of mandarin orange in one of them
I'm a little changed in mandarin
Shapeless citizen
This name is
But it seems to be told it that 1 member Thomas Toyama is fine
It feels like you're thinking it's a slick
Hey you
This is one big feature
Isn't it a mandarin orange?
Say it can be seen in Title 21 to when you see
I 'm making a little unusual value
This is probably
Because I think that the famille is small in Japan as well
In a little unusual first place
Beneath it turned a blind luck
I would like to have another one to eat
Of course, we are committed to this the other
this is
Large rice
Do you say differentiation products do not understand if you look at it?
I'd seen it Moraere look Medium Well and so I have brought up important to raise the that bag
By
I think it's shaded to discriminate
It will be full , but will still be less than other varieties.
That variety of that
As there may be obstacles
I have a crime this year
I have received it
It is good to take off quite well
I can do two with me with money
I can sell it if I can do it, but it is very difficult to make it
I think the manager
Love 1 called Fair ride
It's this I comes out well this drinking
This is not a wound
Oh this is already physiological
But i will
If anything I'd Well less this year
that
It is immediately after heaven
This is placed in a dry year
There was a lot of rain this year, so unexpectedly small